org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowser.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$InAppBrowserClient
io/sqlc/SQLiteConnectorDatabase.java
 io.sqlc.SQLiteConnectorDatabase
org/apache/cordova/camera/ExifHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.ExifHelper
ru/trykov/root/RootDetection.java
 ru.trykov.root.RootDetection
org/apache/cordova/globalization/GlobalizationError.java
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.GlobalizationError
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/plugin/EgovZip.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovZip
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/deviceold1/MainActivity.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.deviceold1.MainActivity
org/apache/cordova/devicemotion/AccelListener.java
 org.apache.cordova.devicemotion.AccelListener
 org.apache.cordova.devicemotion.AccelListener$1
org/apache/cordova/media/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.FileHelper
io/github/pwlin/cordova/plugins/fileopener2/FileOpener2.java
 io.github.pwlin.cordova.plugins.fileopener2.FileOpener2
io/github/pwlin/cordova/plugins/fileopener2/FileProvider.java
 io.github.pwlin.cordova.plugins.fileopener2.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/dialogs/Notification.java
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6$1
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioPlayer.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$1
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$MODE
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$STATE
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.FileHelper
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/deviceinfoapp/BuildConfig.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.deviceinfoapp.BuildConfig
io/sqlc/SQLitePlugin.java
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$1
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$Action
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$DBQuery
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$DBRunner
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/deviceinfoapp/MainActivity.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.deviceinfoapp.MainActivity
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$1
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/geolocation/Geolocation.java
 org.apache.cordova.geolocation.Geolocation
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileProvider.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
com/hutchind/cordova/plugins/streamingmedia/StreamingMedia.java
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.StreamingMedia
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.StreamingMedia$1
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/plugin/CustomPlugin.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.CustomPlugin
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.CustomPlugin$1
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/Capture.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.Capture
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.Capture$1
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
com/phonegap/plugins/barcodescanner/BarcodeScanner.java
 com.phonegap.plugins.barcodescanner.BarcodeScanner
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactInfoDTO.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactInfoDTO
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileTransfer.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$1
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$2
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$3
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$ExposedGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$RequestContext
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$SimpleTrackingInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingInputStream
com/hutchind/cordova/plugins/streamingmedia/SimpleAudioStream.java
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.SimpleAudioStream
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileProgressResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileProgressResult
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/plugin/EgovInterfacePlugin.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovInterfacePlugin
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovInterfacePlugin$InterfaceCommTask
org/apache/cordova/networkinformation/NetworkManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager$1
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactAccessor.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessor
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessor$WhereOptions
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
org/apache/cordova/batterystatus/BatteryListener.java
 org.apache.cordova.batterystatus.BatteryListener
 org.apache.cordova.batterystatus.BatteryListener$1
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$1
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$2
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$3
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactManager$4
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/plugin/EgovResourceUpdate.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovResourceUpdate
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovResourceUpdate$UpdateZipAssetFileAsync
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppChromeClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileUploadResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileUploadResult
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/plugin/EgovFileOpener.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovFileOpener
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovFileOpener$FileOpenerFileAsync
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/chromium/ChromeSocketsTcp.java
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp$1
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp$2
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp$3
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp$SelectorMessage
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp$SelectorMessageType
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp$SelectorThread
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp$TcpSendPacket
 org.chromium.ChromeSocketsTcp$TcpSocket
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/plugin/EgovStorageInfo.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovStorageInfo
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovStorageInfo$FileSystemSize
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileHelper
org/apache/cordova/camera/CameraLauncher.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher$1
io/sqlc/SQLiteAndroidDatabase.java
 io.sqlc.SQLiteAndroidDatabase
 io.sqlc.SQLiteAndroidDatabase$QueryType
com/android/plugins/Permissions.java
 com.android.plugins.Permissions
 com.android.plugins.Permissions$1
 com.android.plugins.Permissions$2
org/apache/cordova/contacts/ContactAccessorSdk5.java
 org.apache.cordova.contacts.ContactAccessorSdk5
com/hutchind/cordova/plugins/streamingmedia/ImageLoadTask.java
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.ImageLoadTask
org/apache/cordova/deviceorientation/CompassListener.java
 org.apache.cordova.deviceorientation.CompassListener
 org.apache.cordova.deviceorientation.CompassListener$1
com/hutchind/cordova/plugins/streamingmedia/SimpleVideoStream.java
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.SimpleVideoStream
 com.hutchind.cordova.plugins.streamingmedia.SimpleVideoStream$1
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowserDialog.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowserDialog
org/apache/cordova/globalization/Globalization.java
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.Globalization
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.Globalization$1
kr/go/egovframework/hyb/plugin/EgovDeviceNumber.java
 kr.go.egovframework.hyb.plugin.EgovDeviceNumber
org/apache/cordova/camera/CordovaUri.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CordovaUri
